# Add Business Process Template bizproc.workflow.template.add

{% note warning "We are still updating this page" %}

Some data may be missing — we will fill it in shortly.

{% endnote %}

{% if build == 'dev' %}

{% note alert "TO-DO _not exported to prod_" %}

- edits needed for writing standards
- parameter types not specified
- parameter requirements not specified
- examples missing
- success response not provided
- error response not provided
- links to pages not yet created are missing
- parameters and descriptions of parameters are needed
- examples are lacking
- standard blocks are missing

{% endnote %}

{% endif %}

> Scope: [`bizproc`](../scopes/permissions.md)
>
> Who can execute the method: administrator

This method adds a Business Process template from a saved file. In other words, the required business process is first fully configured on a specific Bitrix24, then this business process is exported to a bpt file using the appropriate user tool (a link is needed here!), and then this file can be used to add the same business process as a template to the desired Bitrix24 using the method `bizproc.workflow.template.add`.

#|
|| **Parameter** | **Description** ||
|| **DOCUMENT_TYPE**
[`array`](../data-types.md) | Document type - an array of 3 string elements that define to which type of objects the new business process template will be attached. See the table below for value descriptions. ||
|| **NAME**
[`string`](../data-types.md) | Template name ||
|| **DESCRIPTION**
[`string`](../data-types.md) | Template description. ||
|| **TEMPLATE_DATA**
[`file`](../data-types.md) | The content of the business process template file *.bpt is passed. See [{#T}](../how-to-call-rest-api/how-to-upload-files.md) ||
|| **AUTO_EXECUTE**
[`integer`](../data-types.md) | Auto-execution flag, can be:

- `0` (no auto-execution),
- `1` (execute on creation),
- `2` (execute on modification),
- `3` (execute on both creation and modification) ||
|#

## DOCUMENT_TYPE

The `DOCUMENT_TYPE` parameter is always an array of three elements. For example, ['crm', 'CCrmDocumentLead', 'LEAD'], etc. The values in these elements are interdependent. In other words, by selecting 'crm' for the first element of the array, the other values that can be used are not arbitrary but specific and must be related to crm. It is necessary to carefully monitor their correctness.

#|
|| **Element** | **Description** ||
|| **module id** | Here, the binding area of the business process template is specified. Currently, business processes in Bitrix24 are used in CRM objects, live feed, universal lists, projects, and Bitrix Drive. Therefore, possible values are:

- crm
- livestream?
- lists
- tasks
- disk
  
||
|| **Object type / entity** | The document type represents a specific object within the specified module/entity. For example, if we specified CRM as the module, we can specify CCrmDocumentLead as the document type to bind the business process template to leads. Possible values:

- for crm: CCrmDocumentLead, CCrmDocumentDeal, CCrmDocumentCompany, CCrmDocumentContact
- for livestream ... ??
- for lists: BizprocDocument, ??
- tasks: Bitrix\Tasks\Integration\Bizproc\Document\Task, ??
- disk: Bitrix\Disk\BizProcDocument, ??
 ||

|| **Document type / specific object** | After specifying the object type or entity, clarification is needed in the form of binding to a specific document type or even a specific object, if possible in the specific case. For example, when binding the business process template to tasks, it is necessary to specify the identifier of the specific workgroup (project). Possible values:

- for CCrmDocumentLead: 'LEAD'
- for CCrmDocumentDeal: 'DEAL'
- for CCrmDocumentCompany: 'COMPANY'
- for CCrmDocumentContact: 'CONTACT'
- for BizprocDocument: 'iblock_22' (binding to a specific universal list with id 22)
- for Bitrix\Disk\BizProcDocument: 'STORAGE_490' (binding to a specific file storage with id 490)
- for Bitrix\Tasks\Integration\Bizproc\Document\Task: 'TASK_PROJECT_13' (binding to a specific workgroup with id 13)
||
|#

## Example

{% list tabs %}

- JS

	```javascript
	function addTemplate()
	{
		BX24.callMethod(
			'bizproc.workflow.template.add',
			{
				DOCUMENT_TYPE: ['crm', 'CCrmDocumentLead', 'LEAD'],
				NAME: 'App template',
				DESCRIPTION: 'Template was generated by rest application.',
				AUTO_EXECUTE: 1,
				TEMPLATE_DATA: document.getElementById('tpl_file')
			},
			function(result)
			{
				if(result.error())
					alert("Error: " + result.error());
				console.log(result);
			}
		);
	}
	```

{% endlist %}

{% include [Footnote on examples](../../_includes/examples.md) %}